{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) traffic data 
\i \'93lax.json\'94
\i0  lists the number of passengers who departed from or arrived at LAX terminals at the first day of each month, starting from January, 2006 to November, 2016. For example, the 5
\fs18\fsmilli9333 \up10 th 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \up0 record says there were 401,535 people arriving at Terminal 1 on 1/1/2006 through domestic flights. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 a 
\b Python 
\b0 script 
\i \'93lax.py\'94 
\i0 that takes 
\i \'93lax.json\'94 
\i0 and a list of keywords (that specify the search condition) as the input, and outputs the following statistics for the records that satisfy the search condition: 
\b min, max, median, average, and standard deviation
\b0 . For example, min is the minimum number of passengers among all qualified records. 
\fs24 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The keywords in the list are separated by white spaces and may only contain keywords of 3 categories: 
\b terminal
\b0 , 
\b year
\b0 , and 
\b traffic type 
\b0 (departure/arrival). 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accepted keywords for terminals are: T1 (for terminal 1), T2, ..., T6, and TBI (for Tom Bradley international terminal). Keywords are 
\b case-insensitive
\b0 . 
\i \'93t1\'94 
\i0 should be recognized the same as 
\i \'93T1\'94
\i0 , for example. 
\fs24 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Year is a four-digit number, e.g., 2006. 
\fs24 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Traffic type is either departure or arrival. 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs29\fsmilli14667  
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 There could be multiple keywords in a same category, e.g. 
\i "2015 2016 t1 t2" 
\i0 includes traffic data in both years and at both terminals. 
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 This 
\b \cf2 Python 
\b0 script \cf2 we only handle terminals from 
\i T1 
\i0 to 
\i T6 
\i0 and 
\i TBI
\i0 . If no terminal keyword is given, then only and all of 
\i T1 
\i0 to 
\i T6 
\i0 and 
\i TBI 
\i0 should be considered. Data for the other terminals is ignored. 
\fs24 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 Calculation of these 5 types of statistics, namely min, max, median, average, and standard deviation.
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
}